Y - Activity description	

#Mean signals
tBodyAcc-mean()-X - Time body accelerometer in x axis	
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y - Time body accelerometer in y axis	
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z - Time body accelerometer in z axis	
tGravityAcc-mean()-X - Time Gravity accelerometer in x axis	
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y - Time Gravity accelerometer in y axis	
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z - Time Gravity accelerometer in z axis	
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X - Time body accelerometer jerk in x axis	
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y - Time body accelerometer jerk in y axis		
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z - Time body accelerometer jerk in z axis		
tBodyGyro-mean()-X - Time body gyroscope in x axis		
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y - Time body gyroscope in y axis
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z - Time body gyroscope in x axis	
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X - Time body gyroscope jerk in x axis
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y - Time body gyroscope jerk in y axis	
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z - Time body gyroscope jerk in z axis	
tBodyAccMag-mean() - Time body accelerometer in x axis	
tGravityAccMag-mean() - Time body accelerometer mag mean
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() - Time body accelerometer jerk mag mean		
tBodyGyroMag-mean() - Time body gyroscope mag mean		
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	- Time body gyroscope mag mean
fBodyAcc-mean()-X - FFT body accelerometer in x axis	
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y - FFT body accelerometer in y axis	
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z - FFT body accelerometer in z axis	
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X - FFT body accelerometer jerk in x axis
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y - FFT body accelerometer jerk in y axis	
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z - FFT body accelerometer jerk in z axis	
fBodyGyro-mean()-X - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyAccMag-mean() - FFT body accelerometer mag mean	 
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() - FFT body accelerometer jerk mag mean	
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() - FFT body gyroscope mag mean
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() - FFT body gyroscope jerk mag mean

#Standar deviations signals:
tBodyAcc-std()-X - Time body accelerometer in x axis	
tBodyAcc-std()-Y - Time body accelerometer in y axis	
tBodyAcc-std()-Z - Time body accelerometer in z axis	
tGravityAcc-std()-X - Time Gravity accelerometer in x axis	
tGravityAcc-std()-Y - Time Gravity accelerometer in y axis	
tGravityAcc-std()-Z - Time Gravity accelerometer in z axis	
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X - Time body accelerometer jerk in x axis	
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y - Time body accelerometer jerk in y axis		
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z - Time body accelerometer jerk in z axis		
tBodyGyro-std()-X - Time body gyroscope in x axis		
tBodyGyro-std()-Y - Time body gyroscope in y axis
tBodyGyro-std()-Z - Time body gyroscope in x axis	
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X - Time body gyroscope jerk in x axis
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y - Time body gyroscope jerk in y axis	
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z - Time body gyroscope jerk in z axis	
tBodyAccMag-std() - Time body accelerometer in x axis	
tGravityAccMag-std() - Time body accelerometer mag std
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() - Time body accelerometer jerk mag std		
tBodyGyroMag-std() - Time body gyroscope mag std		
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	- Time body gyroscope mag std
fBodyAcc-std()-X - FFT body accelerometer in x axis	
fBodyAcc-std()-Y - FFT body accelerometer in y axis	
fBodyAcc-std()-Z - FFT body accelerometer in z axis	
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X - FFT body accelerometer jerk in x axis
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y - FFT body accelerometer jerk in y axis	
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z - FFT body accelerometer jerk in z axis	
fBodyGyro-std()-X - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyGyro-std()-Y - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyGyro-std()-Z - FFT body gyroscope in x axis	
fBodyAccMag-std() - FFT body accelerometer mag mean	 
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() - FFT body accelerometer jerk mag std	
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() - FFT body gyroscope mag std
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() - FFT body gyroscope jerk mag std